welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelor week for we've reached that
point in the season where the girls are
leaving the mansion which exotic
romantic location will they be traveling
to first in Cleveland Ohio yeah no one's
dream vacation but it is actually a
pretty nice little city first up is a
one-on-one date with Victoria F she gets
to go on the dream date a flight with
Peter but she's afraid of heights and
he's like freaking out won't get out of
the van
luckily once they're in the air it's all
good but the next part of the date is
going to Cedar Point Amusement Park the
horrible coaster capital of the world
Peter couldn't have picked a worse girl
for this date except maybe motion sick
Victoria P actually I'm really proud of
Victoria F here she gets in the
slingshot thing and bouff after she goes
she wants to do it again she and Peter
have a good connection going I'm not
sure how I feel about her but I caught
some glimpses this episode of an actual
personality so maybe she's cooler when
you get to know her in typical bachelor
fashion they end the date with the
concert it's chase rice country music
star that I've never heard of and also
by crazy coincidence or producer
meddling that's Victoria's ex-boyfriend
I honestly feel really bad for her here
because this is absurdly awkward and she
like doesn't want to say anything yet
till they ruin the moment that night at
dinner she does tell Peter and at first
it's like what Victoria runs off and
hides in the corner which seems to be
her go-to move but they get over it it's
like yeah I mean that's weird and
awkward but you know we all have exes
let's move on I think mostly he's
impressed that she was dating a rock
star the next days a group date at the
football stadium they play a game of
football with actual stakes the winning
team gets to go to the after-party for
time with Peter and the losing team is
back to the hotel some of these girls I
don't think I've ever touched a football
before but others are actually athletic
I'm impressed
long story short the game ends in a tie
so they're all going to the party this
is rough cuz now there's 13 girls here
and a lot of them have not gotten any
time with Peter recently the drama keeps
pulling him away at least tonight though
there's no drama left they can each get
some time with Peter and return to some
sense of normalcy just kidding
guess who's walking in its a lair Peter
sent her home last week after she hugged
the whole episode with her drama of is
she fake I'm gonna skip
right through most of this drama because
it's dumb but long story short Peter
decides to trust alia
and invite her back on the show to
symbolize him taking her back he gives
her that night's date Rose Peter bro do
you not even realize how disrespectful
that is to all these other girls they
were out there getting banged and
bruised up for you you didn't even talk
to most of them tonight and then gave
the rose away to a girl who wasn't there
they all started talking to each other
like this is ridiculous I haven't talked
to Peter in days because he's been so
preoccupied with these other drama
causers speaking of drama causers his
next solo date is with Kelsey the
champagne girl they have a nice date
walking around Cleveland they find a
polka band so good for them then they
wander into the soapbox racing
championship and take a spin in the car
totally cheating to beat these kids by
the way
I don't like Kelsey at all because she
annoyed the heck out of me with the
champagne thing Peter seems to really
like her though so yeah at dinner she
opens up about her tragic past her dad
bailed when she was young to go start a
new family in Mexico that's tragic for
her I shouldn't laugh but I mean back at
the hotel the new drama is that Alya
told all the other girls about how she
used to date chase Ryan Victoria was
keeping that to herself
but since alia was in the outside world
where there is Internet she found out on
top of that a lot of the other girls who
have felt completely ignored by Peter
lately are like hey do we even like him
anymore
when Peter comes back in they tell him
how they feel they're like hey you're
not getting to know us at all because
you're ignoring us for these drama
causers it was like the biggest slap in
the face like I couldn't even look at
you Peter's like wow you're right I'm
sorry
also Victoria P do you want to talk
about a less a more paid or a bro you're
killing me here
it seems Peters starting to realize he's
doing this all wrong and that's where
they hit us with to be continued in the
preview for next week looks like he's
back on track in an exotic location
making out with multiple girls and hot
tubs that's gonna cause a whole
different kind of drama looks like he
gets carried off in an ambulance maybe
one of the girls attacks him find out
next week on The Bachelor if you liked
this recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out
[Music]